gh-1051 add article about JSON updates for tuples (#1373)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/json_paths.rst

                 >     {
                 >         2,
                 >         3,
                 >         {key3 = 20}
                 >     }
                 > }
        ---
        ...

        tarantool> t = s:replace(t)
        ---
        ...

        tarantool> t:update({{'=', 'field2.key1', 'new_value'}})
        ---
        - [1, {'key1': 'new_value', 'key2': 10}, [2, 3, {'key3': 20}]]
        ...

        tarantool> t:update({{'+', 'field3[2]', 1}})
        ---
        - [1, {'key1': 'value', 'key2': 10}, [2, 4, {'key3': 20}]]
        ...

        tarantool> s:update({1}, {{'!', 'field4', 'inserted value'}})
        ---
        - [1, {'key1': 'value', 'key2': 10}, [2, 3, {'key3': 20}], 'inserted value']
        ...

        tarantool> s:update({1}, {{'#', '[2].key2', 1}, {'=', '[3][3].key4', 'value4'}})
        ---
        - [1, {'key1': 'value'}, [2, 3, {'key3': 20, 'key4': 'value4'}], 'inserted value']
        ...

        tarantool> s:upsert({1, {k = 'v'}, {}}, {{'#', '[2].key1', 1}})
        ---
        ...

        tarantool> s:select{}
        ---
        - - [1, {}, [2, 3, {'key3': 20, 'key4': 'value4'}], 'inserted value']
        ...

> Note, that there is the same rule, as in tuple field :ref:`access by JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that field names that look like JSON paths are processed similarly to :ref:`accessing tuple fields by JSON
```

> <box_tuple-field_path>`, for field names looking like JSON paths: firstly the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<box_tuple-field_path>`: first, the
```

> whole path is interpreted as a field name. If such a name does not exist, then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
whole path is interpreted as a field name; if such a name does not exist, then
```

it is treated as a path.

> For example, if there is a field name *'field.name.like.json'*, then this update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, for a field name ``field.name.like.json``, this update
```

.. cssclass:: highlight
.. parsed-literal::

    :samp:`{object-name}:update({..., 'field.name.like.json', ...})`

> will update this field, instead of keys *'field' -> 'name' ->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will update this field instead of keys ``field`` -> ``name`` ->
```

> 'like' -> 'json'*. If such a name is needed as a part of a bigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``like`` -> ``json``. If you need such a name as part of a bigger
```

> path, then it should be wrapped in quotes and []:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
path, then you should wrap it in quotes ``""`` and brackets ``[]``:
```

.. cssclass:: highlight
.. parsed-literal::

    :samp:`{object-name}:update({..., '["field.name.like.json"].next.fields', ...})`

**There are some rules for JSON updates:**

* Operation ``'!'`` can't be used to create all intermediate nodes of
  a path. For example, ``{'!', 'field1[1].field3', ...}`` can't
  create fields ``'field1'`` and ``'[1]'``, they should exist.

* Operation ``'#'``, when applied to maps, can't delete more than one
  key at once. That is, its argument should be always 1 for maps.

  ``{'#', 'field1.field2', 1}`` is allowed;

  ``{'#', 'field1.field2', 10}`` is not.

>   That limitation originates from a problem, that keys in a map

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This limitation originates from the problem that keys in a map
```

  are not ordered anyhow, and ``'#'`` with more than 1 key would lead

>   to undefined behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to undefined behavior.
```

* Operation ``'!'`` on maps can't create a key, if it exists already.

* If a map contains non-string keys (booleans, numbers, maps,
  arrays - anything), then these keys can't be updated via JSON
  paths. But it is still allowed to update string keys in such a
  map.

**Why JSON updates are good, and should be preferred when only a part of a tuple needs to be updated:**

* They consume less space in WAL, because for an update only its
  keys, operations, and arguments are stored. It is cheaper to

>   store update of one deep field, than the whole tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  store an update of one deep field than of the whole tuple.
```

* They are faster. Firstly, this is because they are implemented
  in C, and have no problems with Lua GC and dynamic typing.
  Secondly, some cases of JSON paths are highly optimized. For
  example, an update with a single JSON path costs O(1) memory
  regardless of how deep that path goes (not counting update
  arguments).

* They are available from remote clients, as well as any other

>   DML. Before JSON updates to update one deep part of a tuple it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  DML. Before JSON updates became available in Tarantool, to update one deep part of a tuple, it
```

>   would be necessary to download that tuple, update it in memory,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  was necessary to download that tuple, update it in memory,
```

>   send it back - 2 network hops. With JSON paths it can be 1 when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and send it back -- 2 network hops. With JSON paths, it can be 1 hop when
```
